#Labtop

LabTop is a user-friendly interface which automates and simplifies the routine tasks that laboratory technicians have to accomplish. The interface is tailored to be accessible from both iPads and laptops so that scientists can use it in the laboratory.


LabTop solves many common problems in the scientific laboratory:
..* It bypasses the use of cumbersome binders that contain all of the laboratory's protocols by condensing this information in easy-to-follow steps.

..* It allows scientists to change preexisting protocols without having to alter the physical laboratory manual and automatically keeps track of all of these alterations.

..* It makes research protocols extremely easy to follow and reduces human error by suggesting the parameters that the researcher should use, adjusting concentrations automatically, and providing the necessary instruments that the technician needs to complete a step (timers, calculators, etc.)

..* It keeps track of the parameters that the researcher choses for the completion of each step and allows him advance to a new step orally. This characteristic of LabTop is very important because it saves researchers the time that they would spend entering error-prone data manually in their notebooks.

..* It keeps track of every “run” of an experimental protocol and quickly provides analytics that single out changes in parameters from run to run (obviating the burdensome task of analyzing notes to figure these alterations).

..* It provides traceability and a more efficient inventory usage by automatically linking the reagents that a researcher uses to its lot number, date of creation, quantity left in stock, etc.

..* It allows scientists to create protocols extremely quickly. All they need to do is fill a an excel table with experimental parameters and LabTop can automatically create an easy-to-follow procedure without the need of writing it down.


Kid-themed demo: http://labtop.herokuapp.com/users/sign_up